BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
Uryu Ishida.
You look like you've got
a lot on your mind.
You're the one...
...who looks like you've
got a lot on your mind.
Have you forgotten?
While His Majesty sleeps,
His Majesty's power and my power
can be switched.
Being able to see the future...
...is a very troubling thing.
Isn't that right, Uryu Ishida?
Did you foresee my betrayal?
Why would you say that?
I haven't said anything yet.
It seems like you unintentionally
spoke your mind
because you know you can't hide
from His Majesty's power.
I'm just looking for a fight.
Looking for a fight, huh?
Finally, we're arriving
at the enemy's base.
Let's go!
Yes!
What's the matter?
He jumped really far.
Intruders! You've done well
making it this far!
It's not like we came to you.
You came jumping at us.
But this is as far as you'll get.
If you wish to go any further,
you will have to get past me!
He isn't listening at all.
What's with this guy?
We don't have time
for your nonsense.
Move!
Well, if he says so...
Then I'll just have
to take him down quickly!
Renji!
Abarai!
So you're fine, Renji.
Yeah.
Hey, he is over there!
Red monkey! Are you still alive? Hey!
His chest is completely pierced through.
And the wound is very clean.
It should not be a problem then.
Hachigen, wake him up.
Okay.
Wake him up...
So you and Ishida...
Can we leave him to you?
That was my plan.
No way!
Darn!
Who said this was a one-on-one battle?
Even a miracle wouldn't be able to save you
in a one-on-one battle with me!
Come at me, all of you!
You sound really sure of yourself.
Right after one fight,
there is another one.
Battles never end, do they?
Let's take this moment to learn about
the Schutzstaffel before the next battle.
Lille is the captain of the Schutzstaffel.
Lille was the first Quincy that
His Majesty gave a Schrift to.
His status is unshakable.
But...
Pernida and Gerard are Quincies
who haven't been granted power by His Majesty.
Among the Sternritters,
they are the only two who got Schrifts
from His Majesty based on
their original powers.
As a result, there have always been
strange rumors about who they really are.
It is said that
Pernida is actually
"the left arm of the Soul King."
While Gerard is "the Soul King's heart."
How come rumors say they are related
to the Soul King when they are Quincies?
It makes you curious, right?
But...
He no longer hears me.
Kurosaki!
S-Stay back...
Brazo Derecho Del Gigante!
What's going on?
I can't stand...
You can't stand, right?
Gift Bad.
Entering this pool will not kill you,
but it will weaken your defenses
against the substance I selected.
The substance I've chosen
this time is Reishi.
Reishi?
You are currently in the Wahrwelt,
where the Reishi concentration is very high,
and you are exhibiting symptoms
of Reishi poisoning.
Reishi poisoning?
Yeah, my power is called
The Deathdealing.
I can manipulate the lethal dose of
a selected substance to kill my enemies.
For that, I must consume a large amount
of the selected substance.
If it's blood, I need to drink a lot of it.
But I am so full from
drinking too much today.
So before I'm hungry,
I'll have you just wait here patiently.
Another person who likes
to talk nonsense.
If the opponent can't move,
why not just strangle them?
Are you being serious?
Well, Bambi also said
something similar back then.
It pissed me off back then,
and it pisses me off now.
Could you be a bit...
...more insensitive?!
What do you mean
by being insensitive?
Does that mean taking somebody lightly?
Not at all.
It means defeating an enemy
in one's own style.
Manipulating lethal doses
is my consistent style.
And strangling people is more suited
to women like you and Bambi.
I see.
I have no idea who this person Bambi is,
but the point you're trying to make is
that's how the beautiful ladies do things.
Well, you and Bambi
are indeed both beautiful.
But a woman's value isn't in her look.
It's whether she's stylish or not!
Sorry, you're quite an interesting guy.
But we're in a hurry.
I need to pass through by force.
Shunko! Raijin Senkei!
You are really underestimating us.
There are captains and lieutenants of
Thirteen Court Guard Squads here.
There's no way you could
take us down by yourself.
I can't win?
Do you think so?
Then if I do defeat you all,
it would be a miracle!
Do you know when miracles happen?
If a miracle occurs in a meaningless moment,
people will not recognize it as a miracle.
"You are so lucky!"
"Life has some crazy things going on."
That is all they will probably think.
What are you talking about?
As expected of the captains and lieutenants
of the Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
You've wounded me to this extent.
A miracle...
...is a miracle because it occurs in a crisis!
Captain?
I'm finishing him off.
Did we really need to go this far?
Idiot, he was clearly still hiding
some trump card up his sleeve.
Besides, according to what he said,
it's a trump card that can reverse
the entire situation in a single attack.
If we don't go this far,
we have no idea what might happen.
Right, Captain Kuchiki?
We can't be too sure, right?
How frightening.
Let's go.
This shaking...
Heal quickly, then head to Tenshukaku.
We must defeat Yhwach as soon as possible.
Otherwise, this world will be doomed.
Okay.
Karin, there was an earthquake!
Yeah, the juice has spilled.
Sorry, I was afraid
you would be in danger.
Don't worry,
the game machine was not wet.
I'm sorry.
I said don't worry.
It's still shaking.
GERARD VALKYRIE
SAKIMUNE SHIHOIN YUUSHIRO
Miss Yoruichi.
You have recovered rapidly.
You guys go ahead.
After making sure that guy is dead,
I'll catch up with you.
Understood.
Be careful, Miss Yoruichi.
Who do you think you're talking to?
There's no way I'll lose.
Inoue, Chad.
Yeah.
They're getting through...
His Majesty is going to scold me.
Don't worry, you won't be scolded.
Because I will defeat you and Yhwach.
With that "Ray Something"
attack you used earlier?
Well, that's a headache.
It's Raijin Senkei!
Not "Ray Something"!
If you're going to insult my sister,
you'll have to deal with me!
Sister?
Why are you here?
I've come to help you!
Oh, help me, huh?
You want to help me?
Yes!
Yushiro...
In the short time I've been away,
it looks like you've gotten a little stronger.
Yes!
I'm so happy you noticed!
I-I've gotten stronger!
That's right. He's too stupid
to recognize sarcasm...
Okay. Okay.
Let's end this touching story here.
Wanna fight with me, young lady?
I...
I'm a boy!
Really? Well, sorry then.
W-Wait a minute...
Holy crap! You're so strong!
Of course I am!
I am the 23rd head of the Shihoin family,
Shihoin Yuushiro Sakimune.
There's no way I'd lose to a mere Quincy!
Shunko!
Bakuen Muso!
What is this? Is this a foot?
W-What is that monster?!
My name is Gerard Valkyrie!
My Schrift is "M"! The Miracle Gerard!
My power is to turn the damage I've taken
and convert it into the "God Size."
I'll say this just once more.
As expected of the captains and lieutenants
of the Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
You've wounded me to this extent.
This is the first time
I've become this massive...
...from an exchange!
Momo!
Captain, watch your back!
Momo, I will leave it to you.
Yes!
Bloom.
Tobiume!
Hado 91.
Senju Koten Taiho.
That hurts!
We did it!
It worked!
Hinamori!
Captain Hirako!
Jakuho Raikoben!
Captain!
Brother!
Let's go, Rukia!
Okay!
Powerless! Utterly powerless!
Being powerless is really terrifying!
But do not lament.
No matter how much you lament,
no miracle will be coming for you!
Oh, my.
Not only did you steal my thunder,
but you did it in such a fancy way.
S-Sorry, Sis.
Although...
Maybe I should commend you
for mastering the Shunko
that I just taught you.
What? You just learned it
and already mastered it to this extent?
Hey, now. What's with that look?
I told you, didn't I?
I can control the lethal dose
of a substance through massive intake.
I truly do thank you for bringing upon me
a near-fatal amount of Spiritual Pressure.
Now, your Spiritual Pressure
will no longer be able to kill me.
Are your wounds healing?
Isn't that obvious?
By raising the lethal dosage,
I've become immune to your attacks.
I don't think you have
the time to be shocked.
If you don't hurry,
forget about killing me,
you will not even be able to
leave a scratch on me.
Shunko!
Wait, Yushiro!
You don't get it, do you?
I've already taken that earlier.
So I've already acquired immunity to it.
Yushiro!
It's too late.
It took you so long to finally
realize my true power.
This is lethal...
...Yoruichi Shihoin.
That is what someone who can't see
the scales would say.
Uryu Ishida.
What do you mean?
The time has come to reveal
the truth and lies.
If you're here as a successor,
then prove it to me.
Prove you're not a traitor!
Wait, Haschwalth!
BLEACH EPISODE 39
Ishida.
Kurosaki.
THE VISIBLE ANSWER
I knew you would be here.
What's the matter?
It seems like it is almost time.
You're going, aren't you?
If words possessed a physical form,
you would be unable to perceive it
while standing in the darkness.
BLEACH EPISODE 40: MY LAST WORDS